Make all `apollo_router_http_requests_total` metrics match (#4065)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bryn_prom_differing_descriptions.md

> ### Make all apollo_router_http_requests_total metrics match ([Issue #4047](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4047))
> 
> The Router emitted identical metrics events with different descriptions causing an error to be emitted to the logs.
> 
> ```log
> OpenTelemetry metric error occurred: Metrics error: Instrument description conflict, using existing.
> ```
> 
> The metrics description have been brought into alignment.
> 
> By [@BrynCooke](https://github.com/BrynCooke) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4065

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ensure `apollo_router_http_requests_total` metrics match ([Issue #4047](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4047))

Identically _named_ metrics were being emitted for `apollo_router_http_requests_total` (as intended) but with different _descriptions_ (not intended) resulting in occasional, but noisy, log warnings:

```
OpenTelemetry metric error occurred: Metrics error: Instrument description conflict, using existing.
```

The metrics' descriptions have been brought into alignment to resolve the log warnings and we will follow-up with additional work to think holistically about a more durable pattern that will prevent this from occurring in the future.

By [@BrynCooke](https://github.com/BrynCooke) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4065
```
